Make service catalog as a root chart (#1562)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/core/charts/service-catalog-addons/README.md

# Service Catalog Addons

## Overview

> Service Catalog Addons provides Kyma addons to the [Service Catalog](../service-catalog/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Catalog Add-ons provide Kyma add-ons to the [Service Catalog](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/README.md).
```

> These addons consist of new views related to the Service Catalog and the Binding Usage Controller which extends the Service Catalog with the additional logic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These add-ons consist of the following items:
* Kyma Console views related to the Service Catalog
* Binding Usage Controller which extends the Service Catalog with the additional logic
```

> ### Views

Reviewer: The section as a whole is a bit short. I wonder whether we need the heading at all. We can just skip it and start with such a sentence:
`These are the Kyma Console views:`

And then we can start straight with the BUC section. WDYT?

> The Service Catalog Addons provides the following views to the Kyma Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Catalog Add-ons provide the following views to the Kyma Console:
```

> * catalog-ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Catalog UI
```

> * instances-ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Instances UI
```

> * brokers-ui

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Brokers UI
```

### Binding Usage Controller

> The Binding Usage Controller provides a capability to inject Secrets to the given applications. It introduces two CRs to achieve the injection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Binding Usage Controller allows you to inject Secrets to a given application. For this purpose, it introduces two custom resources (CRs):
```

* ServiceBindingUsage
* UsageKind

The Binding Usage Controller chart provides two default UsageKinds to Kyma:

* function-usage-kind.yaml

> * deployment-usage-kind.yaml

Reviewer: Maybe a link would be useful here to send the reader off to the proper documentation?

`For more information on these CRs, go to the {name} directory.`

# Service Catalog Add-ons

## Overview

> The Service Catalog Add-ons provide Kyma add-ons to the [Service Catalog](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Catalog Add-ons provide Kyma extensions to the [Service Catalog](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/README.md).
```
